What kind of face will you meet this year ?
Sword
And dreams
Mayo and needles
Meaning that the authors are empty city
We have continued to abiding life since ancient times for hundreds of years of
The oasis of the desert
It's Larry I went into the rest day
The second half of the course puff toward the west from agares is
Paris after the name
The temperature goes up and people go
The start of four wheels is around 7 o'clock every morning
30 minutes late to this start and disqualified
Top of the fight than than e d on behalf of the Peteran
Whether Cagiva Elephant win by suppressing the Japanese cars
A maiden who paces up to greed
See you to Gekiso in the machine, which is set to refine in a hurry
I also went up to sixth overall
There is no tooth on the tissue strength of the upper body
If you run well one more chapter
Running always entering the comeback best 10, ss
Ari Vatanen is stowaway
Naha Ton who buys the left rear and clashes on the value tree
Post did not affect the day when the goal was fixed and still maintained the top
Oh Since Peugeot must talk
En also among were two
It is sifting behind
Peugeot also runs a flick support car behind the pattern in preparation for trouble
Shinozuka Matane
N Air lose sight of the course
The desert is over
If it passes this galley , it is a fan
And usually for near 1
Oriol is the track here
Always hurting me
Lack of sleep every day
Rider position using the interval until another guy starts
Emul
There was no chance this year to the rider's challenge
In the training I banged my abdomen and carried my painful body so far
I want to stand wildly to decorate the beauty of the end even in the needle field
Likely to go
Peugeot's overwhelming product
The desert lion was strong this year too
Mostly Forbidden Place That I Dreamed of
It's a stage to think about a painful everyday
Yes this is you become
Celebrating victory
It is good enough to bite
Address
And again the third victory
The 12th High is over
December 29
Dakar 13th 1991 N start the needle
What is the drama born this year
The figure of people crossing the sea
I want to protect now
The four wheels of this year are unfairly beaten by saying yes
I Kenjiro Shinozuka players want to Japan is if you have down to the fact that the 5-position
Next year will the work team on the roof of the ward won Kofu
It changes in the year and it means that participation
After all it is a dream choice
Well Well even though I think that once stood on I think you also experience Eiu
Route changed a little this time
I also ran a marathon
Such as not a big mana because I came back another night to the
I was making what but a lot of Parfait life
As a condition, it will be together during private already
So I already have Japanese cars
Now the Paris-Dakar Rally in front coming out also good depressed possibility I will not Mamo January 12 January 29
I'm about to start
And also so I When this event 2 Well tell the beginning of the next year of motor sport
It will be said that
What kind of characteristic is the friend that I made six events next year
It is limited to domestic
The number of 3,000 yen class rub events will increase
That's quite intense, isn't it right? Well, the airframe is a good year for next year
Ne
Please soak at the end
Well this year
By as the study
I was asked to see it, but next year it will be the year to deliver its results
The grid beat the Hoshino-san I'd say in 26 units
Then the results will follow, do you want to do your best with your best effort?
Difficulty easy source notes will feel like echoing up here next year is not sleep over and over again
It's a great year again
Thank you very much for drinking today and thank you very much